Notify user on fatal error during report (#7340)
rotki/rotki: docs/api.rst

   :statuscode 200: History processed and returned successfully
   :statuscode 400: Provided JSON is in some way malformed.

>    :statuscode 409: No user is currently logged in. Critical error in the data was found while processing the report.

Reviewer: This should be like that no?

```suggestion
   :statuscode 401: No user is currently logged in. 
   :statuscode 409: Fatal accounting error while processing the report.
```
